The garment is deliberately made loose fitting to enable the user to comfortably wear the garment over regular clothes, and to produce the blousing effect necessary for maximum insect protection properties.
An aspect of the invention design has a curved triangular core extraction hook that enables the inside to be pulled out of the food object after the core flesh has been completely severed, core removal without ripping flesh.
A method and apparatus for sampling milk from an animal being milked in which a pulsating vacuum is applied to operate a sampling pump and timer unit and a steady vacuum is applied to operate a sampling valve and a testing device.
The present disclosure relates to novel and advantageous blood pumps for acute cardiac support. The impeller may be driven via a power transmission system in the catheter and controlled from a control and/or power unit.
A sealed compartment for cooking batter in a conventional toaster, wherein the compartment is substantially sealed in order to effectively contain food material placed therein, but permits sufficient leakage at the seam for venting steam or excess batter during the cooking process.
The following clinical trail has been performed in order to demonstrate the activity of aceclidine at different concentrations on patients who underwent refractive surgery. <n> <n>
The dusting tool according to the illustrated embodiment is made modular in order to be able to receive brushes of different dimensions and can be used to pick up and collect dust that may be present thereon.
The estrus condition of a cow is determined by counting the number of mounts of the cow and displaying the estrus condition of the cow on a display.
The invention relates to an infusion device comprising a container and a delivering means movably accommodated by the container, in a straight line toward an outlet of the container.
The present invention is a tampon inserter that allows the user to insert the tampon digitally or with an inserter, or to use an inserter, such as the inserter.
The eye shield comprises the see-through shield and two small handle grips located at the bottom of the eye shield which enable the wearer to take hold of the eye shield in order to raise it.
A one piece golf club shaft with spacer segments that provide the same strong, rigid shaft of a one piece golf club as the shaft of a conventional golf club.
A toy which can be controlled by the operator by the means of a suitable stick or baton and which includes a motor for driving the ball directly or indirectly.
An exercise device having a back support surface to contact the user, rolling members attached relative to the back support surface to make a gliding contact with a wall surface and a grip member positioned relative to the back support surface which provide for the user to retain the exercise device while moving to place the exercise device against the wall surface and which provide for the user to retain the exercise device during vertical displacement of the exercise device relative to the wall surface during repetitive performance of a squatting exercise.
A system and method for automated patient management, including remote patient management and automatic diagnosis of patient health, such as described in commonly - assigned u..
A needle holder member is molded about the contained rearward end of a needle so as to preclude mutual axial displacement of the needle and holder during insertion of the needle into a blood vessel.
The rack carrying the glove forms is dipped into a washing solution which removes undesirable ingredients from the latex film and the rack is then washed with a washing solution.
The bearing includes a groove to scrape foreign matter from the surface of the rods and collect it in the groove so that it may be easily removed from the bearing.
The roasted material is then ground by the help of a grinder and broken up into smaller particles. The roasted material is then ground by the help of a grinder and broken up into smaller particles.
The metal back rod 6 is protected, thereby preventing the back rod 6 from being damaged by a desk, a cabinet etc.; and the bending portion 29 holds the upper end of a cushion 30 and acts as a handle when the chair is moved.
The present application discloses various formulations and methods for using the same for the treatment of wounds and inflammatory conditions of the skin in mammals, and more particularly for the treatment and promotion of healing of wounds of the skin.
A penile prosthetic including a cylinder having a wall that forms an exterior surface of the penile prosthetic and extends from a proximal to a distal end of the penile prosthetic with an rsec attached to the exterior surface.
The present invention is directed to a device that facilitates removal of the needle from a patient and captures the needle as it is retracted from the patient&#39;s body.
A fruit harvester&#39;s support belt providing for the carriage of a fruit harvesting bucket and the redistribution of weight to the fruit harvester&#39;s hips from the fruit harvester&#39;s shoulders and back.
The present invention relates to the use of a virus-polymer solution for the production of cells for use in the treatment of wounds and for the promotion of healing.
The invention relates to electrodes for obtaining control of gastrointestinal tract motility and sphincter control, which are implanted either from the serosal or the mucosal side of the particular gastrointestinal organ.
A suspension is stirred with a magnetic stir bar during analysis to increase the stability of the suspension and to reduce the time required to analyze the suspension for impurities.
The present invention is directed to a process for the preparation of a conjugate of a peptide and a thiol-containing moiety, such as l - cys.
The urinary catheter 1 comprises a straightening aid 35 which is slidably arranged on the catheter tube 2 and helps a user in bringing the urinary catheter 1 from the folded, compact storage condition in the unfolded, straight ready- for- use condition.
A ceiling panel has mounted in it over each respective row of seats an oxygen mask dispensing container, all of which are supplied from a common oxygen source through an oxygen line having a pressure control valve.
A method to protect a hip bone from fracture or to limit a severity of a hip bone injury is provided. The method includes providing a pair of protective pads and adjusting the device to the form of the body of the wearer, both for comfort and retension of the protective pads in their operative location.
A monitoring system for monitoring a patient&#39;s electrical cardiac activity and blood pressure includes a plurality of pixels arranged in a plurality of rows and columns, each pixel being capable of being energized electronically so that the pixel emits light visible to the user of the monitoring system.
In the interior of the pressure conditioning screw a feeder screw is arranged centered which is rotatably mounted about its center line which is simultaneously the center line of the pressure conditioning screw.
An enhancement of salivary secretion achieved by any means may play a significant compensatory role within the pre- epithelial barrier and help to restore an equilibrium between aggressive factors and protective mechanisms.
The body deodorants obtainable using the nanoscale antimicrobial agents in accordance with the invention may also contain, for example, fatty acids in the form of their alkali metal soaps, polyols, lower alcohols, enzyme inhibitors, odor absorbers, odor maskers, water, complexing agents, antioxidants, preservatives, perfumes, colorants, opacifiers, pearlizing pigments, fine - particle silica, consistency factors, gel formers, waxes, fatty alcohols, emulsifiers, thickeners and other suitable formulation bases as further auxiliaries and additives.
The roof support elements begin within the roof element so that they may end in an arc shape in the stool support element so that they may end in an arc shape in the stool support element.
In an example arrangement, an acl repair employing the surgical aiming device for femoral drilling is shown. a taper, serration, or other suitable engaging edge on the tip of the insertion guide facilitates identification of an incision point.
The present invention relates to a limb protection apparatus having a torsion spring assembly, including a torsion spring assembly with a preload, and a limb brace device.
The base of the vessel proper can be pushed upwardly to “ flip ” or “ inverted” the vessel into the inside-out configuration depicted in fig. 6 to 11.
The compositions of the invention described herein uniquely provide natural xanthone compounds through the combination of the pulp and pericarp of the mangosteen fruit, along with selected juice and other phytochemical ingredients.
The skin resurfacing action of mandelic acid has numerous benefits: firstly, it has been shown to clip off dead surface skin cells, and secondly, makes the action of pga better by giving it a smooth undisturbed surface to bind moisture to.
A porous metal bead or wire mesh coating may be incorporated to allow stabilization of the implant by ingrowth of surrounding tissue into the porous coating to provide low friction, wear resistant coatings on the articulating surfaces of prosthetic devices.
An air pressure dissipator for maintaining the seed level in the seed meter at a more or less constant level to prevent the deposit of excessive amounts of seed in the seed meter, while ensuring a steady flow of seed to the seed meter for optimum seed discharge.
An injection device having a catch pivotably attached thereto to facilitate priming of the injection device prior to use, and a syringe body having a check valve thereon.
The present invention relates to an article of luggage that allows a user to use handles or other carrying members provided by the articles of luggage and is generally coextensive with those carrying members or handles.
The frame is formed by etching a pattern into a material or mold and depositing stent material in the pattern, such as by chemical vapor deposition or the like.
The handle of a toothbrush is telescopically engaged over a support shaft and is spring biased downwardly into engagement with the upper end of the base portion of the toothbrush.
The present invention is directed to a method and apparatus for identifying an animal and for releasing the animal from a pen as desired, thereby greatly improving the handling ability of the device.
This retrieved unique id will in turn direct the storage of the data record into the specific patient file folder in the database avoiding error in the data collection record process.
An air-water punching bag structure includes a liquid container, an air valve, and a handle set to simulate the struggling of a real person to achieve different suppression training effects.
The examples and embodiments that follow of course can be modified by techniques known in the art. The examples and embodiments that follow of course can be modified by techniques known in the art.
In this arrangement, the strap ends on each side of the booster seat can be connected to the latch bracket, adjusted and then drawn to the point where little or no excess movement of the booster seat is possible once the strap ends have been connected to the latch attachment bracket.
The present invention relates to a stethoscope head and more particularly to a stethoscope head having a sound passageway formed of a neoprene or other synthetic rubber material which may be stretched or distorted to be snapped over a rim.
The injector is cocked for the next implantation by pulling the lug to the rear end of the slot after the animal has been freed from the squeeze chute.
A. porte ® implantable vascular access port apparatus in which a medicine is introduced to a subcutaneous port in the chest by a needle member which punctures the skin at puncture point or incision in the skin and the port septum.
Disclosed herein are compositions, materials, methods, and kits for bone grafting, including for repairing and/or filling a void or gap in a bone or other bony structure of a patient.
A bicycle having a tubular seat member which is pivotally connected to a seat member so that the tubular member may sway from side to side with respect to the seat member.
The multiple holes allow for uniform bathing of body tissue by more evenly distributing a fluid and eliminates knots in the filament that can interfere with the operation of the catheter by blocking fluid flow though the tube.
The inflation is a tubular member formed from a flexible elastomeric material such as natural or synthetic rubber and is alternately evacuated by connection to a vacuum source and connected to atmosphere air in order to impart a massaging motion to the inflation and the teat.
In order to detach the front wheel bags 7, 8 from the bicycle 1, the quick attachment means used for connecting the hanging element 25 to the fastener 52 is opened.
A method of playing a board game in which players manipulate the various elements of the game board apparatus in accordance with the method of play herein described, comprising the formation of card combinations which provide players with a medium through which they may manipulate the various elements of the game board apparatus in accordance with the method of play herein described.
A device for withdrawing fluids from the body includes a withdrawal unit configured as a subcutaneous needle or vascular needle with two concentric channels, and a suction unit.
The present invention relates to the use of  - and  - hydroxy acids in skin exfoliation and skin and nail conditioning products to improve properties such as retention of moisture, softening of the skin, attraction of air moisture, retardation of water loss, feel and reduction of skin irritations caused by contact with cosmetic ingredients.
to secure said garment into place for a comfortable fitting pant garment and tie it in place a knot can be tied in the front or in the back..
The foot can readily be fitted in a normal shoe or other athletic footwear, such as an ice skate, football shoe, or ski boot with respect to the lower leg about the normal ankle joint.
The conventional boxing glove illustrated in fig. 2 a includes a padded glove body and a thumb sheath to soften the blows administered in preparation for the boxing match.
The present invention is a talking scorekeeper that is designed so that it can be adapted to many racket and paddle games and includes means to provide a visual display of the score as well as an audio announcement of the score.
A novel massage system is affixed to and encompasses the central and side panels of the headrest assembly to provide a stimulating and satisfying massage to the occupant of the headrest assembly.
A heating device introduces heat energy to the water thereby heating for use during beverage making cycles. A level sensor detects the level of water in the reservoir and caused water to be added when the water level drops.
The light of the leds irradiates a portion of a living subject&#39;s finger, and a photodiode senses such of that light as is returned from said portion, an amplifier being provided for producing an output voltage proportional to the current through said diode which current in turn is proportional to the radiation it receives from finger 5.
The tobacco-free blends of the present invention combine a leaf-like ingredient, such as tea, peppermint, cabbage, and other plant leaves, with a moisturizer, an alkaline chemical to adjust the ph balance of the blend, and a type of nicotine that can be absorbed through the mouth.
A mousetrap includes an enclosure comprising a top, a base and a closable aperture within which a mouse is able to enter when the enclosure is in an open position.
The invention provides a method for treating or preventing anxiety in a subject comprising administering to a subject in need thereof a composition as described above, such that administration of the composition treats the anxiety.
A monoclonal mouse anti- human - myc from invitrogen was used in 1 : 1. analysis with immunofluorescence microscope and flowcytometry were carried out on solubilized cells.
The memory chip allows the storing of different data to provide enhanced capabilities for the oximeter sensor and a controller circuit uses the data read from the memory chip to control the functioning of the pulse oximetry system.
The mouthpiece and mouth guard may be screwed together to provide a sealing connection and hold a liquid therein and may be provided in a single unit or in multiple units.
The face of the putter is designed and manufactured such that the face of the putter is not perpendicular with the ground upon contact with the golf ball..
An insect trap is secured to a window by a removable, pressure-sensitive adhesive and is covered by a release paper for ease of storage, transport, and handling.
A continuous local anesthetic wound irrigation system that acts as a continuous local anesthetic wound irrigation system delivering an anesthetic through a soaker catheter laid in the subcutaneous space.
The invention encompasses methods, devices, and kits for hygienically dispensing lubricants in a clinical setting, and more particularly, to a dispenser for lubricants in a clinical setting.
A shock wave generator for disintegrating calculi by means of shock waves transmitted via a probe is provided with a flexible tube in which a valve may be integrated if appropriate for better control or blocking.
A kneading blade for kneading breadmaking ingredients and dough is a kneading blade for breadmaking and has a shape suitable for kneading breadmaking ingredients and dough.
This can help quickly produce a canola - quality modified b. napus in accordance with the invention, and methods of making the modified b. napus.
A bubble-free saline solution is provided between the transducer of the ultrasound probe and the cornea and surrounding surface of the eye to provide bubble-free saline solution between the transducer of the ultrasound probe and the cornea and surrounding surface of the eye.
The needle hub is secured in the syringe barrel by means of a ring secured in the syringe cap and gauze secured in the frusto- conical opening.
The winch cable is protected inside a tube that has two openings facing downwardly, and the winch cable is protected inside a tube that has two openings facing downwardly.
The present invention relates to compounds of the formula <n> <n> <n> <n> <n> <n> <n> <n> <n> <n> <n> wherein R 1, R 2, R 3, R 4, R 5, and R 6 are as defined in the specification.
The present invention provides methods to treat and diagnose lymphoma and cancer using anti - herv - k therapies, in particular, the present invention provides treatment of lymphoma and cancer using anti - herv - k therapies.
A fishing line release clamp for adjusting the release tension of a fishing line by adjusting the position of the compression- adjusting ends in a biassing device.
The accurate positioning of the catheter within the heart can be done using the location system 4, 5, 6 in a manner known in the art, for example as described in u.
The reservoir is guided in the body, in its bottom portion, by the uprights of the cage and in its top portion by the protruding part that slides along the inside portion of the sleeve.
A method, apparatus, and computer program for automating the control of home appliances and improving the sleep environment are disclosed.....
A pair of looping shears includes a strike jaw, a blade jaw and an effort - saving mechanism, wherein the user simply repeats control over opening up and closing in by gripping both handles without having to stop to execute careful adjustment of the engagement position required in the prior art.
An atrial fibrillation treatment system for use with an implantable medical device such as an implantable pacemaker or an implantable cardioverter/defibrillator, comprising at least one sensor capable of sensing at least one physiological parameter relatable to the rate at which the heart should be beating.
The present invention involves the design of packaging for medical articles such as medical instruments such cutting implements or implants such as orthopedic implants e. The package is provided with the ability to be partially opened to allow access to the packaged medical article such as a scalpel, catheter, drug coated implant, or an orthopedic implant e.
The hooks 62 on the disc 60 have been sheared to make tines that will serve as a skin prepping mechanism when the user presses against them during use.
An ironing board assembly having an integral cabinet face which allows the user to remove the entire ironing board assembly from the fixed rails by releasing stops, thus allowing the installation of a different ironing surface, as in an ironing surface adapted for use in ironing shirt sleeves for example, or a utility drawer into the fixed rails without requiring the use of tools.
The tubular graft material 1 is stitched at 11 to the balloon expandable stent, and the tubular graft material 1 is compressed and received within a deployment device.
This would permit the patient, or animal if used during hunting, to be transported by one lead person simply “ dragging or pulling” the transfer mat along behind.
A lock member for securing a receiver within a finger hole of a bowling ball, wherein the lock member includes a securing nut for securing the lock member within the finger hole.
